This card has 1 million
If it's not enough, I'll contact you anytime.
1 million too much
Thank you. I'll pay you back.
Yeah.
By the way, do you have my phone number? No
This is my personal microphone
I had someone buy a phone just for you.
Feel free to contact me if you have anything.
Thanks, I'll go first
You pay attention to safety
Baby, don't be afraid.
Mom will do her best to protect you
About Lu
It's the third time working with the Lawrence family
General Assembly
Poll display
On the 18th, there were 20 votes against
This resolution is different
Be reserved.
Actually, that was never very good for the project.
Don't bother
Besides, right now we are all
There is no shortage of this profit
Yeah reserved
This project is too risky
Mom and I don't think it's necessary
OK
I listen to my mother's reconciliation and don't toss
Today we all go back to the old house for a family meal
Oops, I have another meeting in a while.
You can eat.
There's just something else.
Brother Li, let's go
Here we go.
Mr. Lu, it's nothing
As expected
Is Gangnam back?
Not yet.
I didn't expect it to be so difficult this time
Check his current location right away.